well youtube was alone I'm super my
brothers , I'm going to show you how
add the pc form performance the
program to use the computer very
good the crack good program you
they are going to download a mediafire link
It seems to be called pc mediafire no
must download after having
downloaded you are given here to open it open
first read the text is the most
important here in the text shows them
all the things that the steps all
another thing to always bring as it says in the
text extract on the desktop
once extracted
to be left to disappear in the form of l
they are going to look for the folder where the
ll
that career before you start
here is 15 can be person
they give him here
we give him to replace
I'm not going to do it because I already did it
Y
do not
two
although slow but it does not matter
it took a while
Thank you so much, goodbye